Fix selenium depreciation warnings (#31)
testdevlab/Py-TestUI: README.md

        return Elements(driver, locator_type, locator)
```

Once you create the definition of the element with the static method e(driver,
l_type, locator) you can start using a series of action/assertion methods that
are built-in within Elements class.

> Action methods are the ones meant to do something over the UI. In case the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action methods are the ones meant to do something over the UI. In case they
```

> cannot be performed, they will rise an error which will show all the information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot be performed, an error will be raised that will show all the information
```
